hey whats up youtube this is going to be
the Maverick comparison i am going to
test the six US release Mavericks one
shot each due to chronograph to see if
they have improved over the years or
pretty much stayed the same going to
start with the blue and yellow maverick
original 52.2 six feet per second next
yellow maverick 57.9 seven feet per
second next the clear maverick 50 2.70
next the sonic maverick 50-point 12 feet
per second going down next to gear up
maverick 55.0 two feet per second and
lastly the whiteout series 63.7 six feet
per second
um now from this test which is not
completely accurate but from what we
have to go on here the Mavericks started
out pretty good the clear ones did not
seem to perform as well but uh the
whiteout series is definitely the
performer and the best of the bunch to
get a really complete accurate reading I
would have needed to place each maverick
in the same exact spot to shoot them
which I didn't so the ranges may be off
a little but from what you got there you
have it this is clearly the best of the
Mavericks